add gin instrumentation (#234)
instana/go-sensor: instrumentation/instagin/README.md

Instana instrumentation for gin framework
=============================================

> This module contains middleware to instrument gin framework applications.

Reviewer: We usually link the instrumented package to provide context
```suggestion
This module contains middleware to instrument HTTP services written with [github.com/gin-gonic/gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin).
```
